The opportunity to apply for a position with Research & Data Analyst Intern Position is an excellent match with my skills and experience. I am a young adult who has worked within Ottawa, Ontario since July 2017. I am in my first year of Bachelors of Honors in Computer Science (Coop) within the Software Engineering stream at Carleton University. Through my high school education, work and volunteer experiences I have had the chance to understand and adapt to various different environments and build my ability to communicate. Connection Silicon Valley has taken the initiative to offer a wide range of people with this opportunity to provide a change within uprising issues and develop a unique set of skills and consider options for future career in this field. This opportunity has made it clear that by offering a platform to demonstrate and develop their skills further and be able to adapt to a fast growing environment. 
My interest in taking up this job is because I have always had a passion to have an impact in the STEM industry as well as making a difference in the world. Although I have recently entered into the computer science world, I have developed a strong interest over where coding and research can take me and so this position interested me at a very deep level. I am a very hardworking and determined person. Despite the quarantine going on, I have decided to take up projects related to Machine Learning which has kept me quite occupied. I learn quickly and get work done by focusing on goals and always try my best to achieve them as wasting time is not an option for me. I have kept up with the emerging technologies and want to be able to make a difference however was unable to figure out just exactly how to do so, until this opportunity. I would make a good job applicant because I have developed leadership skills with my past experiences and would like to extend my capability further by being able to provide an opinion.
My enclosed resume will provide you with more details regarding my qualifications and experience . I know that my personal experiences as a young woman in Ottawa combined with my work experience will provide a solid asset as to why I would be an exceptional candidate. If you have any questions regarding my resume, please contact me at phone (613) 462-7502 or imanalsiddiqui@gmail.com . Thank you for this opportunity.
